The Siscode Anti-Monopoly License was created in response to reading the
motivation behind the [Decolonial Media License](https://freeculture.org/About/license)'s
choice to allow commercial use to prevent the original copyright holder from
maintaining a monopoly on commercial use.

We (siscode) decided to create a license wchich we believe more adequately
addresses the monopoly concern, while still being as anti-commercial as
possible. our solution was to allow commercial use conditionally, allowing it
only if the copyright holders have already used the work commercially. This
bypasses the possibility of monopoly, while still remaining a noncommercial
work provided the copyright holders do not use it commercially. the *intent*
of the license is that the copyright holders *should not* use the work
commercially,and the conditional commercial use clause is never intended to
come into play. It exists merely as a fallback to prevent the establishment of
an unfair monopoly.

Additionally, we made the controversial choice to not require attribution in
the standard versions of the license. (credit-required licenses will be made
available, though.) This is because we believe that the extra burden of
maintaining credit discourages remixing, especially when creating a work which
is a composition of many works, each of which requires attribution.
Additionally, we do not believe that being given credit is of any material
value to a strictly noncommercial organization. In short, we wish to become the
*basis* of creation, not a *part* of it. Simply demanding that ones name appear
on derivative works is itself a form of monopoly.
